Reviewing some texts and adding error treatment step (#56)
indigotech/taq-github-bot: src/data/local/github/tracks-node/track-0/steps/step-1.md

On the end of every task of this onboard, comment the word `Finish` on the issue to receive your next task (you can try reloading the page if it's taking too long).
You can also comment the word `next`, in case you had to skip the current task.

> Incase of any issue, you can ask your tutor for help. Go to next step!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of any issue, you can ask your tutor for help. Go to next step!
```

> Incase of any issue, you can ask your tutor for help. Go to next step!

Reviewer 2: Incase?
